#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements/dev.in
#
absl-py==0.12.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
anyio==3.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argcomplete==1.12.3
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==21.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   tensorflow-datasets
babel==2.9.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via h5py
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via argon2-cffi
charset-normalizer==2.0.8
    # via requests
clang==5.0
    # via tensorflow
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.5.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.0
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.4
    # via tensorflow-datasets
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.28.2
    # via matplotlib
future==0.18.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-auth==1.35.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
googleapis-common-protos==1.53.0
    # via tensorflow-metadata
grpcio==1.42.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.1.0
    # via tensorflow
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==4.8.2
    # via
    #   argcomplete
    #   ipykernel
    #   jsonschema
    #   markdown
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   tensorflow-datasets
ipykernel==6.5.1
    # via notebook
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
ipython==7.30.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyterlab
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
json5==0.9.6
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.2.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.9.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.12.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.8.2
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab==3.2.4
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
keras==2.6.0
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
markdown==3.3.6
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
matplotlib==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
nbclassic==0.3.4
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.5.9
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.4.6
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   setuptools-scm
pandas==1.3.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   matplotlib
prometheus-client==0.12.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
promise==2.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
prompt-toolkit==3.0.23
    # via ipython
protobuf==3.19.1
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
scipy==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
setuptools-scm==6.3.2
    # via matplotlib
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard==2.6.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-datasets==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.6.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==1.5.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tensorflow==2.6.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
terminado==0.12.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
tomli==1.2.2
    # via setuptools-scm
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
websocket-client==1.2.1
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via tensorflow
zipp==3.6.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
